Update README.md (#119)
touchlab/KaMPKit: README.md

* JVM 8
* Android SDK and the latest stable Android Studio or IntelliJ

> * Intellij Kotlin plugin with 1.3.71 support (should be included in the latest Android Studio)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Intellij Kotlin plugin with 1.3.72 support (should be included in the latest Android Studio or IDEA)
```

Reviewer: Also, we should verify everything's working in AS 4.0 if we haven't yet. I'm usually in IDEA.

> * Mac with Xcode 11+ for the iOS build

Reviewer: Not here, but at some point we should test and have advice around Xcode 12 (in beta now)

> ### Important Note (Feb 11)

Reviewer: Wondering if we can drop this too. Came up originally because 3.5 had some issues that were fixed in 3.6.

Author: Put version req's in the list above. even that might be more than needed though
